https://medium.com/ibm-data-science-experience/markdown-for-jupyter-notebooks-cheatsheet-386c05aeebed

The contents of your personal portfolio should reflect your contribution to the project, your abilities and what you have learned. Your portfolio should consist of materials that you either realized individually, or in case of a group effort, a clear statement of what your contribution is in this group effort.

It is important to write your (digital) portfolio in a very easily accessible way. The main document should be like a reader's guide that shortly introduces your contributions and links to pages where the contributions are described in detail. Every contribution should be accessible from the reader's guide in a single click. We are not going to browse the folder, so if you do not link to a document from the reader's guide, we will not include it in the assessment.

Include information of the following subjects:

Courses (add screenshots of the online courses you have finished (DataCamp, Coursera, etc))
Domain Knowledge (Literature, jargon, evaluation, existing data sets, ...)
Predictive Models
Data preparation
Data Visualization
Data collection
Evaluation
Diagnostics of the learning process
Communication (presentations, summaries, paper, ...)
Link to the Python Notebooks you have finished (you can dump them to PDF)
List the tickets from the Scrum backlog that you worked on, linked to deliverables, own experiments, etc.
Add any other assignment you feel is evidence of your abilities
Deadline

Submit your portfolio by the end of week 17.

The readers guide:
Summary of the work you did and link it to a notebook. Only link to notebooks which you have contributed to. More notebooks don't equal a better portfolio; probably around 5 contributions are the sweet spot. Comment on the code and execute the code so the teachers don't have to run it themselves. Please make a single reading guide in the github repository so it can be a single click entry to all the documents you provide. 

Also put in some evaluation, which shows the progress.

Scrum: Summary of approach that was chosen, literature that was read etc. If you want to show the individual scrum spints, make sure you combine it with the notebooks. In the current portfolio from Brian, the two are seperated. 

Also reference to literature that was used. Put the sources in the bottom of the portfolio and refer to it by using [1] etc. 
